README.md, before:

# Solar App Title

The application is designed to provide Los Angeles area Residents to request a solar installation evaluation and to allow company admins to access, plan, and schedule visits. This app was created as part of [Chingu's](https://www.chingu.io/) Voyage 52.

## Features

- **Residents** are able to fill out a form to request an appointment that includes contact details, a timeslot preference, and their address that is Validated against the [LA Dataset](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/addresses-in-the-city-of-los-angeles/resource/cfcd5dce-b96c-43e8-bd36-aac11d14bf7d)
- **Admin** can login to access the admin dashboard that allows the user to view requests submitted by the residents and then delete or add the request as an appointment
- **Admin** can view appointments and then view their route based off of a list or map
- **Admin** can export their appointment list in PDF format

## Our Team

**Lidia Prado Peñalver - SCRUM Master** [GitHub](https://github.com/LidiaIleana) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lidiaprado/)

**Peter Eyong - SCRUM Master** [GitHub](https://github.com/pteyong577) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-eyong-466299305)

**Jessica Beazer - Product Owner** [GitHub](https://github.com/jessanagilepmp) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessicabeazer/)

**Alicia Guirand - Product Owner** [GitHub](https://github.com/aliciaguirand) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aliciaguirand)

**Lindsay Allen - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/lkallen)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-allen-54b46937/)

**Benjamin Corbett - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/bcsurf2822) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-corbett-84822424a/)

**Dana Jeon - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/danajeon) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dana-jeon-dev/)

**Anna Bowen - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/bowenanna) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/realannabowen/)

**Sierra Swaby - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/starkspark) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sierra-swaby)

## Dev Dependencies

- [React Google Maps](https://visgl.github.io/react-google-maps/)
- [React-Router-Dom](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [React Datepicker](https://reactdatepicker.com/)
- [react-use-measure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-use-measure)
- [Tailwind Css](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
- [Prop Types](https://github.com/facebook/prop-types)
- [React PDF](https://react-pdf.org/)
- [Daisy UI](https://daisyui.com/)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
- [React](https://react.dev/)
- [Vite](https://vite.dev/)
- [uuid](https://github.com/uuidjs/uuid)

- Webpack
- Babel
- React-DOM

## Live Demo

[ISOLAR - DEVELOPMENT!](https://isolar.netlify.app/)

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/chingu-voyages/v52-tier2-team-24.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd v52-tier2-team-24/
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```

## Screenshots

![Landing Page](/public/screenshots/landing-page.png)
![Form](/public/screenshots/user-form.png)
![New Appointment](/public/screenshots/new-appt.png)
![Appointments](/public/screenshots/all-appt.png)
![Map](/public/screenshots/map-view.png)
![PDF Page](/public/screenshots/pdf-view.png)

Commit message:

add vision and title to README page

README.md, after:

# SolarRise

### Empowering Sustainability Through Accessibility

## Vision

Empowering Los Angles residents to embrace sustainable energy solutions by providing a seamless and efficient platform for solar panel evaluation and installation guidance.

## Features

- **Residents** are able to fill out a form to request an appointment that includes contact details, a timeslot preference, and their address that is Validated against the [LA Dataset](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/addresses-in-the-city-of-los-angeles/resource/cfcd5dce-b96c-43e8-bd36-aac11d14bf7d)
- **Admin** can login to access the admin dashboard that allows the user to view requests submitted by the residents and then delete or add the request as an appointment
- **Admin** can view appointments and then view their route based off of a list or map
- **Admin** can export their appointment list in PDF format

## Our Team

**Lidia Prado Peñalver - SCRUM Master** [GitHub](https://github.com/LidiaIleana) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lidiaprado/)

**Peter Eyong - SCRUM Master** [GitHub](https://github.com/pteyong577) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-eyong-466299305)

**Jessica Beazer - Product Owner** [GitHub](https://github.com/jessanagilepmp) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessicabeazer/)

**Alicia Guirand - Product Owner** [GitHub](https://github.com/aliciaguirand) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aliciaguirand)

**Lindsay Allen - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/lkallen)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-allen-54b46937/)

**Benjamin Corbett - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/bcsurf2822) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-corbett-84822424a/)

**Dana Jeon - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/danajeon) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dana-jeon-dev/)

**Anna Bowen - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/bowenanna) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/realannabowen/)

**Sierra Swaby - Developer** [GitHub](https://github.com/starkspark) [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sierra-swaby)

## Dev Dependencies

- [React Google Maps](https://visgl.github.io/react-google-maps/)
- [React-Router-Dom](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [React Datepicker](https://reactdatepicker.com/)
- [react-use-measure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-use-measure)
- [Tailwind Css](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
- [Prop Types](https://github.com/facebook/prop-types)
- [React PDF](https://react-pdf.org/)
- [Daisy UI](https://daisyui.com/)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
- [React](https://react.dev/)
- [Vite](https://vite.dev/)
- [uuid](https://github.com/uuidjs/uuid)

- Webpack
- Babel
- React-DOM

## Live Demo

[ISOLAR - DEVELOPMENT!](https://isolar.netlify.app/)

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/chingu-voyages/v52-tier2-team-24.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd v52-tier2-team-24/
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```

## Screenshots

### Landing Page

![Landing Page](/public/screenshots/landing-page.png)
![Page Details](/public/screenshots/user-details.png)
![Form](/public/screenshots/user-form.png)
![Login](/public/screenshots/admin-login.png)
![Contact Us](/public/screenshots/contact-us.png)

### Admin Page

![New Appointments](/public/screenshots/new-appointments.png)
![Planning](/public/screenshots/planning.png)
![Planning List](/public/screenshots/plan-list.png)
![Map](/public/screenshots/plan-map-list.png)
![PDF](/public/screenshots/pdf.png)

This app was created as part of [Chingu's](https://www.chingu.io/) Voyage 52.
